EZP-30386 Custom buttons in Online Editor - 2.5.1 (#584)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/extending_online_editor.md

Please keep in mind that if a plugin changes RichText input (in xhtml5/edit format for DocBook), the changes need to be supported by RichText Field Type.
For example, if a plugin adds some class to some element, you need to confirm that this class is stored when saving or publishing content (it could result in either XML validation error or could be omitted by RichText processor).

## Buttons configuration

Custom buttons can be added to your installation with the following configuration:

```yml hl_lines="4"
ezrichtext:
    alloy_editor:
        extra_buttons:

>             - paragraph: [buttonName1, buttonName2]

Reviewer: The hyphens should be removed. 😉

Please keep in mind that if a plugin changes RichText input (in xhtml5/edit format for DocBook), the changes need to be supported by RichText Field Type.
For example, if a plugin adds some class to some element, you need to confirm that this class is stored when saving or publishing content (it could result in either XML validation error or could be omitted by RichText processor).

## Buttons configuration

Custom buttons can be added to your installation with the following configuration:

```yml hl_lines="4"
ezpublish:
    ezrichtext:
        alloy_editor:
            extra_buttons:
                - paragraph: [buttonName1, buttonName2]
                - embed: [buttonName1]
```

> Under `extra_buttons` (line 4) you need to specify to what toolbar you want to add a new button e.g. `paragraph`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under `extra_buttons` (line 4) specify to what toolbar you want to add a new button e.g. `paragraph`.
```

> Next to that toolbar, add a table with names of custom buttons that you want to install e.g. `[buttonName1, buttonName2]`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next to that toolbar, add an array with names of custom buttons that you want to install e.g. `[buttonName1, buttonName2]`.
```

> All new buttons should also be added to AlloyEditor under the same name that was provided in the configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All new buttons should also be added to AlloyEditor under the same name that in the configuration file.
```
